1.  So initially, the JVM acts like any other interpreter running each line of code as it is needed. However, by default, 
    this would make the code execution somewhat slow.
2.  Certainly, if you compare this to code written in a language like C, which would be compiled to native
    machine code (the way that this kind of language works is that the code is compiled into a runnable
    format the operating system can comprehend directly. It doesn't need any additional software to interpret or run it.
    This makes it quick to run compared to interpreted languages.), we lose the write once, run anywhere feature of Java.
3.  So to help get around this problem of slower execution and interpreted languages than compiled languages,
    the Java Virtual Machine has a feature called Just in Time compilation or JIT compilation for short
    for JVM will monitor which branches of code are run the most often. Which methods or parts of methods, specifically loops, 
    are executed the most frequently. And then the virtual machine can decide, for example, that a particular method is being used a lot. And so code execution would be speeded up if that method was compiled to native machine code.
4.  So at this point, some of our application is being run in interpretive mode as bytecode and some is
    no longer bytecode, but is running as compiled native machine code.
    The part that has been compiled to native machine code will run faster than the bytecode interpreted part.
    Just to be clear them by native machine code, we mean executable code that can be understood directly by your operating system.
    So if you're running this application on Windows, part of the bytecode has been compiled into code
    that can be natively understood by the Windows operating system.
    If we were running on a Mac, then the JVM would have compiled this to native Mac code.
    The native Windows code and the native Mac code would of course, be different. They're not compatible.
5.  The process of compiling converting the bytecode to native machine code is run in a separate thread.
    The virtual machine is, of course, a multithreaded application itself.
    So the thread within the virtual machine responsible for running the code that is interpreting the code
    and executing the bytecode won't be affected by the thread doing compiling.
    So the process of compiling doesn't stop the application running.
    While the compilation is taking place, the JVM will continue to use the interpreted version.
    But once that compilation is complete and the native machine code version is available, well, then
    the virtual machine will seamlessly switch to use the compiler version instead of the more bytecode.